README.md, before:

# ONLINE LIBRARY

# By 
 -Chrispine Ochieng

## Screenshot

![images](./src/assets/images/readME_images/Screenshot%20from%202022-08-01%2012-32-05.png)
![images](./src/assets/images/readME_images/Screenshot%20from%202022-08-01%2012-32-07.png)
![images](./src/assets/images/readME_images/Screenshot%20from%202022-08-01%2012-32-10.png)
![images](./src/assets/images/readME_images/Screenshot%20from%202022-08-01%2012-32-15.png)

## Table Of Content

-[Description](#description)
-[Features](#features)
-[Requirements](#requirements)
-[Tecnology Used](#technology-used)
-[Github Link](#live-link)
-[Licence](#licence)
-[Author's Info](#author's-info)

# Description

<p>This is an App that holds a collection of books with their details e.g author, price, name and a synopsis and  also enables on to read the free books available </p>

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)

## Features

As a user of this programm you will be able to :

1. Interact with a page that displays all the books in our data base.
2. Interact with a  search area  filters through the displayed books by title.
3. Interact with a  comment page that displys all comments by the users.
4. Interact with a  post area to post additional comments.
5. Interact with a  button to delete comments
6. Interact with a  search area to filter throw comments.

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)

### Requirement

1. Access to a computer
2. Access to internet

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)

# Technology Used
1. HTML - Which was used to delope the structure of the page.

2. CSS - Which was used to style the user interface.

3. Javascript- Which was used to make the page interactive.

4. React-js

[Go Back to the top](#online library)

## Github Link
 -Clink this link to view the github link

https://github.com/Kpine-MO/Online-Library

 [Go Back to the top](#online-libray)

 ### LIcence

 MIT License
Copyright (c) [2019] [Chrispine Ochieng]
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)


# Author's Info
Email - chrispine.oduor@student.moringaschool.com

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)

Commit message:

addition of the wlk through link

README.md, after:

# ONLINE LIBRARY

# By 
 -Chrispine Ochieng

## Screenshot

![images](./src/assets/images/readME_images/Screenshot%20from%202022-08-01%2012-32-05.png)
![images](./src/assets/images/readME_images/Screenshot%20from%202022-08-01%2012-32-07.png)
![images](./src/assets/images/readME_images/Screenshot%20from%202022-08-01%2012-32-10.png)
![images](./src/assets/images/readME_images/Screenshot%20from%202022-08-01%2012-32-15.png)

## Table Of Content

-[Description](#description)
-[Features](#features)
-[Requirements](#requirements)
-[Tecnology Used](#technology-used)
-[Github Link](#live-link)
-[Walk Through Github Repo Link](#walk-through-github-repo-link)
-[Licence](#licence)
-[Author's Info](#author's-info)

# Description

<p>This is an App that holds a collection of books with their details e.g author, price, name and a synopsis and  also enables on to read the free books available </p>

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)

## Features

As a user of this programm you will be able to :

1. Interact with a page that displays all the books in our data base.
2. Interact with a  search area  filters through the displayed books by title.
3. Interact with a  comment page that displys all comments by the users.
4. Interact with a  post area to post additional comments.
5. Interact with a  button to delete comments
6. Interact with a  search area to filter throw comments.

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)

### Requirement

1. Access to a computer
2. Access to internet

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)

# Technology Used
1. HTML - Which was used to delope the structure of the page.

2. CSS - Which was used to style the user interface.

3. Javascript- Which was used to make the page interactive.

4. React-js

[Go Back to the top](#online library)

## Github Link
 -Click this link to view the github link

https://github.com/Kpine-MO/Online-Library

 [Go Back to the top](#online-libray)
### Walk Through Github Repo Link
-Click this link to view the github link

https://github.com/Kpine-MO/Online_library_README

 ### LIcence

 MIT License
Copyright (c) [2019] [Chrispine Ochieng]
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)


# Author's Info
Email - chrispine.oduor@student.moringaschool.com

[Go Back to the top](#online-library)
